---
layout: post
title:
date: 2019-06-10 05:00:00 +0000
description: # Add post description (optional)
img: # Add image post (optional)
tags: # add tag
---

__Name:__ Tandem Resource Solutions

__Years of Experience:__ 6+ years

__How I Identify as a VA:__ General admin VA, Executive VA, Social Media VA, Marketing VA, Launch VA, Real Estate VA, VA Agency Owner/Manager

__Skillsets Offered:__ Calendar management, Social media marketing & strategy, Travel coordination, Project Management, Social media management, Copywriting and editing, Graphic Design, SEO, Internet research, Event management, Customer service, Article & blog writing, Airbnb/Homeaway hosting, Data entry, Receptionist & phone support, Human resources, Accounting & bookkeeping, Expense management, Digital marketing, Email campaigns, Email management, Organizational management

__A Few Tools and Software I Know Well:__ Wix, Squarespace, Trello, Basecamp, Concur, Quickbooks - basic, Many others!

__Price Range:__ $$

__Accepting new clients?:__ Yes

__Time Zone:__ We have VA's across all US time zones, minus Hawaii

__Hours Available:__ 10+ hours

__Open to meeting locally?:__ Maybe

__Languages outside of English?:__ No

__Business Structure:__ Yes, I have my subcontractors on retainer

__The 3 Best Words to Describe Me Are…:__ Professional, Conscientious, Respectful

__Relevant Degrees/Certifications:__ PACE (Professional Administrative Certification of Excellence)

__Fun Facts:__ My very first job was a Taco Bell when I was 16. Til this day, some 30 years later (ahem; ugh), I STILL love eating there!

__Headshot:__ https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Tj15eFFxNj4bfKBoxtyhcXRS6S7H8LYo

__Headshot 2:__

__Professional Bio:__ I currently manage Operations for my company and am the Sr., Administrative Recruiter. After a 27-year career in solely administrative roles, (most of which was spent assisting C-Suite executives in various industries, both on a national level and with their global counterparts in corporate settings), I started my virtual company, Tandem Resource Solutions (TRS). I have worked in and managed offices from the small 6-person office to the larger 100-300 person office. My industry background is diverse (non-profit, home building, engineering, software, medical - to name a few) and experience invaluable. It has enabled me to progress my career into that of a small business owner, mentor, advocate, and recruiter of all admins.

 My goal is to seamlessly match indispensable assistants with clients. I also aspire to increase recognition of administrative professionals through my volunteer work in the community and networking with my administrative counterparts. Working as an Executive Admin (EA) for my entire career up until now, I had been relied upon and considered the right arm of my executives (often referred to as ""their person"") and always made this my mission to learn all there is to know about the industry & company culture, in order to differentiate me from your average every day EA. At TRS, matching and/or complimenting personalities is a must for me! It is invariably my goal and intent to make that happen; develop those valuable partnerships with every single placement ~ All this via the recruitment & placement of permanent admins in traditional corporate office settings, or by pairing a Virtual Assistant from my team with a remote client.

__Website:__ www.tandemresourcesolutions.com
