---
layout: post
title:
date: 2019-06-10 05:00:00 +0000
description: # Add post description (optional)
img: # Add image post (optional)
tags: # add tag
---

__Name:__ Sharon Foster

__Years of Experience:__ 6+ years

__How I Identify as a VA:__ Executive VA, Real Estate VA

__Skillsets Offered:__ Calendar management, Travel coordination, Project Management, Copywriting and editing, Internet research, Event management, Accounting & bookkeeping, Expense management, Email management, Organizational management

__A Few Tools and Software I Know Well:__ Wordpress - basic, Wix, Trello, Teamwork, Quickbooks - certified, Xero, Hubdoc, Slack, Harvest, BambooHR, ADP

__Price Range:__ $$

__Accepting new clients?:__ Yes

__Time Zone:__ Eastern

__Hours Available:__ 5-10 hours

__Open to meeting locally?:__ Yes - Contact me for exact details on where I live.

__Languages outside of English?:__ No

__Business Structure:__ No - I’m solo

__The 3 Best Words to Describe Me Are…:__ Organized, Efficient, Skilled

__Relevant Degrees/Certifications:__ Certified Online Business Manager, Xero Certified, QuickBooks certified

__Fun Facts:__ I'm a total Anglophile... I love anything to do with the UK (especially Scotland, my heritage)

__Headshot:__ https://drive.google.com/open?id=1l_4z1_o0DuXafMYMXminMYc-1XZfogjs

__Headshot 2:__ www.ExecutiveOnlineSolutions.com/About-me

__Professional Bio:__ After graduating from Queen's University, I worked as an Administrative or Executive Assistant, supporting executives in various industries including television, banking, international sales, construction, medical offices, and a County Library system. I was also a licensed Real Estate salesperson for 3 years. Each of these industries taught me its own unique challenges and knowledge.

In November 2009, I decided I needed a change, and established my Virtual Assistant business. At that time, I had worked for over 25 years in an office environment, but with young children I wanted to stay at home and set my own hours rather than commute and leave the kids in day care. I have loved the flexibility of having my own business and helping my clients grow theirs. I have become more and more familiar with the online world, and am always eager to learn new skills, processes and systems.

In the “non-virtual world”, I excelled at organization of office systems, and making things run smoothly. My goal always has been to increase productivity by setting up systems and procedures. I love the challenge of solving problems.

For many of my clients, I also have been responsible for the bookkeeping and accounting side of the business. Recently, I have completed specialized training and certifications in bookkeeping, to further expand the services I can offer my clients. I am certified in QuickBooks Online as well as Xero.

My goal with each client is to help their business grow to its full potential.

__Website:__ www.ExecutiveOnlineSolutions.com
